# Configuration

HubTurbo creates and manages a number of configuration files in its own directory.

# Contents

- [Basics](#basics)
- [Local Configuration](#local-configuration)
- [Project Configuration](#project-configuration)
- [Session Configuration](#session-configuration)

# Basics

HubTurbo is configured via a number of JSON files. These are loaded when it starts and control certain aspects of its runtime behavior.

# Local Configuration

Local settings allow users to customise HubTurbo according to their individual preferences. These settings do not have to be shared with others.

Local configuration is stored in `local-config.json`.

## Keys

**userAliases**

Aliases allow a user to define alternative, local-only names for repository collaborators or participants. This is specified via a JSON map of strings to strings.

```js
{
    "userAliases": {
        "dariusf": "me"
    }
}
```

# Project Configuration

Project settings allow customisations of HubTurbo that should be used by everyone working on the project. These should be checked into version control and shared with the team.

Project-specific configuration is stored in `.hubturboconfig/<repo-owner> <repo-name>.json`. Each repository gets its own file. When loading a repository for the first time, its file will be downloaded if it is present (in a `.hubturboconfig` directory).

## Keys

**nonInheritedLabels**

Child issues will by default inherit all labels of their parent. Labels listed under this key will be excluded from this rule. Groups can be listed here as well as labels.

**As groups and child issues have been temporarily removed from HubTurbo, this key does nothing.**

```js
{
    "nonInheritedLabels": [
        "status."
    ]
}
```

**openStatusLabels**

Labels listed under this key will automatically change the state of issues (from closed to open) when added via HubTurbo's UI.

**As HubTurbo temporarily does not have its own label UI, this key does nothing.**

```js
{
    "openStatusLabels": [
        "status.open"
    ]
}
```

**closedStatusLabels**

Labels listed under this key will automatically change the state of issues (from open to closed) when added via HubTurbo's UI.

**As HubTurbo temporarily does not have its own label UI, this key does nothing.**

```js
{
    "closedStatusLabels": [
        "status.closed"
    ]
}
```

# Session Configuration

Session-specific configuration is stored in `session-config.json`. This file stores saved filters and repository history, among other things.

Much like local configuration, it should not be checked into version control. It can be edited by hand, but it may be regenerated by HubTurbo, so only compliant JSON should be found inside (no comments, etc.).

## Keys

**projectFilters**

Per-repository filter history is saved here.

```js
{
    "projectFilters": {
        "hubturbo/hubturbo": [
            "assignee:me"
        ]
    }
}
```

**lastViewedRepositories**

The history of accessed repositories is kept here.

```js
{
  "lastViewedRepositories": [
        {
          "repository": "hubturbo/hubturbo",
          "timestamp": 1418196917018
        }
    ]
}
```